Document the signing change for EIP-7702 senders (#62)
ernestognw/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/paymaster-signer-eip7702-delegate-binding.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

`PaymasterSigner`: Bind the signable digest to the effective EIP-7702 delegate. For senders whose `initCode` is the 20-byte `0x7702` marker, the `initCode` component of the digest is now the delegate read from `userOp.sender`'s code (followed by the trailing initialization data), mirroring the `IEntryPoint`'s `userOpHash` computation. Sponsorship signatures for non-EIP-7702 senders are unchanged.

> This changes the digest that sponsorship signers must produce. Signing services that sponsor EIP-7702 senders must be updated in lockstep with the paymaster: they need to sign the substituted `initCode` (the delegate read from the sender's code) rather than the raw marker, otherwise previously working sponsorship will be rejected. See the paymasters guide for the exact value to sign.

Reviewer: I believe this versions is simpler and still captures both paragraph's points

```suggestion
`PaymasterSigner`: For EIP-7702 senders, the signable digest now binds the effective delegate (from `sender.code`) instead of the raw `0x7702` marker, matching the `IEntryPoint`'s `userOpHash`. Sponsorship signers must be updated in lockstep or existing flows break silently; see the paymasters guide.
```
